migration_user|migration_user|migrator|dba|DBA
migration_user|migration_user|migrator|Digital Engineering.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Material Analyst
digitalengg_migration_user|digitalengg_migration_user|migrator|Digital Engineering.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Engineer
engine_migration_User|engine_migration_User|migrator|Engine.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
elec_coe_migration_User|elec_coe_migration_User|migrator|Electrical COE.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
mech_coe_migration_User|mech_coe_migration_User|migrator|Mechanical COE.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
prop_migration_User|prop_migration_User|migrator|Propulsion.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
mfg_migration_user|mfg_migration_user|migrator|Operations.SUPPLY CHAIN.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Mfg Process Engineer
matl_migration_user|matl_migration_user|migrator|Digital Engineering.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Material Analyst
grr_mfg_migration_user|grr_mfg_migration_user|migrator|Operations.SUPPLY CHAIN.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Mfg Process Engineer
grv_mfg_migration_user|grv_mfg_migration_user|migrator|Operations.SUPPLY CHAIN.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Mfg Process Engineer
idm_sysuser|idm_sysuser|idm_sysuser|dba|DBA|PA9|idm_sysuser@ge.com
eq_migration_user|eq_migration_user|migrator|dba|DBA
eq_matl_migration_user|eq_matl_migration_user|migrator|dba|DBA
eq_matl_migration_user|eq_matl_migration_user|migrator|dba|Material Analyst
eq_matl_migration_user|eq_matl_migration_user|migrator|Digital Engineering.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Material Analyst
eq_engine_migration_user|eq_engine_migration_user|migrator|Engine.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
eq_elec_coe_migration_user|eq_elec_coe_migration_user|migrator|Electrical COE.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
eq_mech_coe_migration_user|eq_mech_coe_migration_user|migrator|Mechanical COE.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
eq_prop_migration_user|eq_prop_migration_user|migrator|Propulsion.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
eq_digitalengg_migration_user|eq_digitalengg_migration_user|migrator|Digital Engineering.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
eq_ts_migration_user|eq_ts_migration_user|migrator|Transportation Systems.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
eq_pd_migration_user|eq_pd_migration_user|migrator|Product Definition.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
eq_ohv_migration_user|eq_ohv_migration_user|migrator|Off Highway Vehicle (OHV).ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Designer
eq_mfg_migration_user|eq_mfg_migration_user|migrator|Operations.SUPPLY CHAIN.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Mfg Process Engineer
eq_grr_mfg_migration_user|eq_grr_mfg_migration_user|migrator|Operations.SUPPLY CHAIN.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Mfg Process Engineer
eq_grv_mfg_migration_user|eq_grv_mfg_migration_user|migrator|Operations.SUPPLY CHAIN.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Mfg Process Engineer
mining_migration_user|mining_migration_user|migrator|Underground Mining.ENGINEERING.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Engineer
sg_migration_user|sg_migration_user|migrator|dba|DBA
sg_migration_user|sg_migration_user|migrator|SERVICES.TRANSPORTATION.GE TRANSPORTATION|Services Engineer|